serviceName,serviceCost,serviceDescription
"Plated service",20000,"The most typical and primary service method is where the caterer or waiter serves the entire meal to the clients on one plate. It is morally right to serve food to clients facing them from the right side, and the main dish needs to be close by so they may quickly eat it."
"Semi silver service",25000,"It resembles plate service, but the veggies are served separately from the main dish. Customers are asked which vegetable they like by the waitstaff, which also helps them set up their table."
"Full silver service",28000,"It enables the servers to fill customers' empty plates with food straight from the silver platter. When using silver service, the server typically uses their left hand to serve the guests while holding the food in their right hand."
"Gueridon service",101000,"Used a trolley on occasion to offer food to their customers. This is for the VIP area or where the chef delivers his praises. To recognize the presence of these significant individuals, the chef, kitchen staff, and cook will personally add special presentations and elements to the dish."
"Buffet service",25000,"Where a variety of different appetizers, main dishes, side dishes, and desserts are served on a long table due to the reduced cost and effective service for a large number of guests, this is what most people who hire caterers desire."
"Cafeteria service",25000,"Consumers get food from the counter, pay for it, and then proceed to their table to consume it."
"Family-Style",14000,"Family style is a meal service that enables children to serve themselves from shared platters of food under the supervision of adults who set the example."
"Wedding Service",75000,"Catering at a wedding involves much more than preparing and serving meals. A full-service wedding caterer is responsible for some of the table arrangements, meal presentation, and decoration. In addition, they evaluate themes and imaginations, food allergies, and dietary limitations."
"Debut Service",38500,"Wedding catering entails much more than only preparing and serving food. A full-service wedding caterer is responsible for a portion of the decor, table settings, and food presentation. In addition, they meet food sensitivities and dietary limitations and consider themes and imaginations."
"Kiddie Meal" Service,8000,"You and your children are preparing to throw a birthday party themed after a mythical and enchanted fantasy world.
